The weak ones are there to justify the strong
Men can fall, but strong men will stand up
Hussars don't die, they ride to heaven.
My mother taught me to be good, but she never taught me what makes you evil.
Where will you stand, when evil spreads over the land?
I've been standing under gates for years. I've never stayed long after dawn.
Don't spill your wine, while playing.
Smell my sabre's handle.
When a galleon sets sail, there may not be a dock awaiting it.
Once in a lifetime we all burn books.
They don't ask for tickets on the train to hell.
We have been down here so long, we can't even recall what it's like to be up there.
You don't play stratego on a chess board.
Conscience gets expensive.
That is what the government wants you to believe.
The world's first MMOGSG!
When in doubt, defend.
A leader leads by example, not by force.
Appear weak when you are strong, and strong when you are weak.
If your enemy is secure at all points, be prepared for him.
The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting.
To know your Enemy, you must become your Enemy.
Keep your friends close, and your enemies closer.
Strategy without tactics is the slowest route to victory.
Tactics without strategy is the noise before defeat.
Know yourself and you will win all battles.
Opportunities multiply as they are seized.
The greatest victory is that which requires no battle.
All warfare is based on deception.
Build your opponent a golden bridge to retreat across.
When you surround an army, leave an outlet free. Do not press a desperate foe too hard.
Organized chaos.
This war, like the next war, is a war to end war.
In war-time the word patriotism means suppression of truth.
You must not fight too often with one enemy, or you will teach him all your art of war.
Death is nothing, but to live defeated and inglorious is to die daily.
Impossible is a word to be found only in the dictionary of fools.
Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake.
A soldier will fight long and hard for a bit of colored ribbon.
In politics stupidity is not a handicap.
Ten people who speak make more noise than ten thousand who are silent.
History is the version of past events that people have decided to agree upon.
There is no such thing as accident; it is fate misnamed.
If you wish to be a success in the world, promise everything, deliver nothing.
The battlefield is a scene of constant chaos. The winner will be the one who controls that chaos, both his own and the enemies.
He who fears being conquered is sure of defeat.
An army marches on its stomach.
A leader is a dealer in hope.
Four hostile newspapers are more to be feared than a thousand bayonets.
The best Hungarian invention since the ballpoint pen.
